Common: add JFB110 autopilot (#5545)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-jae-jfb110.rst

|103                  |MX77A012HF1          |MX77A012SF1    |MX77S13K5F1    |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------------+---------------+

PWR1, PWR2 port pin assignments
===============================

.. image:: ../../../images/jae-jfb110-pwr-pins.png
    :target: ../_images/jae-jfb110-pwr-pins.png
    :width: 450px

+--------+------------+------------------+
|Pin No  |Name        | Details          |
+========+============+==================+
|1       |Current     |0V~3.3V input     |
+--------+------------+------------------+
|2       |Voltage     |0V~3.3V input     |
+--------+------------+------------------+
|3 ~ 5   |VCC         |4.9V ~ 5.5V input |
+--------+------------+------------------+
|6 ~ 8   |GND         |                  |
+--------+------------+------------------+

101 port pin assignments
========================

.. image:: ../../../images/jae-jfb110-101-pins.png
    :target: ../_images/jae-jfb110-101-pins.png
    :width: 450px

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| Pin No | Name                | Details                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 1      | Serial1 TX          |                          |

Author: done, txs

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 2      | Serial1 RX          |                          |

Author: done, txs

| 7      | Serial3 TX          | GPS                      |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 8      | I2C1 SCL            | I2C1 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 9      | Safety Switch       |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 10     | VCC 5V High Power   | 5V 1.5A max              |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 11     | VCC 3.3V High Power | 3.3V 1A max              |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 12     | SPI5 SCK            | SPI5 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 13     | SPI5 MISO           | SPI5 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 14     | SPI5 MOSI           | SPI5 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 15     | VCC Periph 5V       | 5V                       |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 16     | VCC Periph 5V       | 5V                       |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 17     | Serial4 TX          |                          |

Author: Let's make this GPS2

Author: done

| 20     | Serial1 RTS         |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 21     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 22     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 23     | CANL1               | CAN1 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 24     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 25     | Serial3 RX          | GPS                      |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 26     | I2C1 SDA            | I2C1 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 27     | Safety Switch LED   | Open 3.3V / Drain        |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 28     | Buzzer              | Open/Drain               |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 29     | VCC 3.3V High Power | 3.3V 1A max              |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 30     | Serial5 RX          | SBUS In                  |

Author: done, txs

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 31     | RSSI                | ADC 10                   |

Author: done

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 32     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 33     | Serial6             | SBUS Out                 |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 34     | PPM                 |                          |

Author: fixed txs

| 35     | Buzzer VCC          | Open, 5KOhm pull down    |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 36     | SPI5 CS1            | SPI5 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 37     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 38     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 39     | Serial4 RX          |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 40     | I2C2 SDA            | I2C2 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

102 port pin assignments
========================

.. image:: ../../../images/jae-jfb110-102-pins.png
    :target: ../_images/jae-jfb110-102-pins.png
    :width: 450px

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| Pin No | Name                | Details                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 1      | VCC Periph 5V       | 5V                       |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 2      | Serial2 TX          |                          |

Author: done, txs

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 3      | Serial2 RX          |                          |

Author: done, txs

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 4      | VCC Periph 5V       | 5V                       |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 5      | CAN H2              | CAN2 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 6      | Chassis GND         |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 7      | GPIO 66             |                          |

Author: I don't even know what FMU_CAP1 means but changed!

| 11     | PWM OUT 2           | GPIO 51                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 12     | PWM OUT 3           | GPIO 52                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 13     | PWM OUT 4           | GPIO 53                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 14     | VCC Servo           | 5V 1.5A max              |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 15     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 16     | Serial2 CTS         |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 17     | Serial2 RTS         |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 18     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 19     | CAN L2              | CAN2 port                |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 20     | GND                 |                          |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 21     | GPIO 67             |                          |

Author: done, txs

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 22     | WDT FAIL            | TTL                      |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 23     | External Reset      | TTL                      |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 24     | ADC 13              |                          |

Author: done.

+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> | 25     | ADC 12              |                          |

Author: done

| 3      | USB OTG FS DM       | USB port                 |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 4      | USB OTG FS DP       | USB port                 |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 5      | PWM OUT 9           | GPIO 58                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 6      | PWM OUT 10          | GPIO 59                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 7      | PWM OUT 11          | GPIO 60                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 8      | PWM OUT 12          | GPIO 61                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 9      | PWM OUT 13          | GPIO 62                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 10     | PWM OUT 14          | GPIO 63                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 11     | PWM OUT 15          | GPIO 64                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+
| 12     | PWM OUT 16          | GPIO 64                  |
+--------+---------------------+--------------------------+

> 

Reviewer: needs UART section here

Author: UART section added.  Who knows if it is correct though

> RC Input

Author: I've fixed up the RC input section. txs

> RC Input

Reviewer: I do not the content I requested

========

RC input is configured on the port marked DSM/SBUS RC. This connector supports all RC protocols. Two cables are available for this port. To use software binding of Spektrum satellite receivers you need to use the Spektrum satellite cable.

PWM Output
==========

> The JFB-110 supports up to 16 PWM outputs. These are directly attached to the STM32H755

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JFB-110 supports up to 16 PWM outputs and are PWM or DShot capable.
```
pity they did not setup bidir on any outputs...should be able to get at least 8, maybe all

Author: fixed

- PWM 1 and 2 in group1 (TIM15)
- PWM 3 and 4 in group2 (TIM3)
- PWM 5, 11 ,12 and 13 in group3 (TIM4)
- PWM 6 ,9 and 10 in group4 (TIM1)
- PWM 7 ,8 and 15 in group5 (TIM5)
- PWM 14 and 16 in group6 (TIM12)

> Battery Monitors

Reviewer: we put the defaults here since they are in hwdef and a power brick is included with the autopilot for the first PM

Reviewer: sorry I see no change here

Author: Hi, I don't really know what to do here I'm afraid..

Reviewer: I will fix it...

Author: OK, thanks you so much and sorry for being somewhat helpless!

================

The board has two dedicated power monitor ports on 8 pin connectors. The correct battery setting parameters are dependent on the type of power brick which is connected. Recomended input voltage is 4.9 to 5.5 volt.

Compass
=======

The JFB-110 has a builtin IST8310 compass. Due to potential interference the board is usually used with an external I2C compass as part of a GPS/Compass unit.

> 

Reviewer: Need to add a firmware section here

Author: added
